Secret details
This will create a secret with the secret value in the first version. Learn more 


Name 
GEMINI_API_KEY
The name should be identifiable and unique within this project.

Secret value
Input your secret value or import it directly from a file.

Upload file
Maximum size: 64 KiB 
Secret value
AIzaSyBRNY0m4tRQqtPfYeyN7B_4sEDmZ20o64
CRC-32C checksum: 0x775B4019 


Replication policy
By default, Google automatically manages where this secret is stored. If you need to manually manage this, you can customize the locations by checking the box below. All secrets are globally accessible regardless of how they are replicated and stored. The replication policy cannot be changed after a secret is created. Learn more 


Manually manage locations for this secret
Encryption
This secret is encrypted with a Google-managed key by default. If you need to manage your encryption, you can use a customer-managed key instead. Learn more 


Google-managed encryption key
No configuration required

Customer-managed encryption key (CMEK)
Manage via Google Cloud Key Management Service
Rotation
Setting a rotation period will send rotation notifications to Pub/Sub topics. Secret Manager will not automatically rotate the secret value. Learn more 



Set rotation period
Notifications
Select Pub/Sub topic(s) that will receive event notifications whenever the secret or one of its versions is changed. These events can be user initiated changes or scheduled events. Learn more 




Expiration
By default, the secret never expires. To set an expiration date for this secret, select Set expiration date below. If you choose an expiration date, the secret will be deleted and unavailable after that time. Learn more 


Set expiration date

Delay secret version destroy
By default, secret versions are destroyed immediately upon request. To delay the destruction of secret versions, select Set delayed destruction below. If you specify a destruction delay duration, destroying a secret version will immediately disable the version and schedule the version for destruction after the specified duration. Learn more 


Set duration for delayed destruction
Labels 
Use labels to organize and categorize your secrets.


Key 1 
Key is required
Value 1
Annotations 
Use annotations to attach arbitrary non-identifying metadata to your secrets.



